Farmer's Markets Website Manual


Getting Started / Home Page:

	Welcome to my website! When you first get to the website you should be on the home page. On this
	page you will see the logo of my website, along with a menu bar that allows you to go to different
	pages in my wesbite. One of the options in the menu bar is the "View All" button. The last
	option in the menu bar is the "Search" Button.
	

View All Button:

	If you click this button, you should be redirected to the "View All" page, displaying the logo, along with the 
	first 100 Farmer's Markets. If you would like to view the next page of Farmer's Markets, click on the
	right arrow key button on the bottom of the page. If you would like to go back to the previous page, press 
	the left arrow key button on the bottom of the page. These pages will display the name of the markets,
	along with the city and state that they are located in. If you would like to view more information about
	a specific market, click on the name of the Farmer's Market. This will redirect you to a page that
	shows you more information about the market such as their name, full street address, links to their
	media (if available), and detailed information about the products that are available at this market.
	

Search Button:

	If you click this button, you should be redirected to the "Search" page, which displays the logo, and four
	text boxes. There will be a text box for City, State, Zip Code, and Radius. If you would like to search for
	Farmer's Market that are within a City, State, Zip, or all of the above, Enter the information for these
	options and press the "Submit" button. You will then see a list of Farmer's Markets that meet your desired
	input. If there are more than 100 results, you can view the next list by clicking on the right arrow key 
	button on the bottom of the page. If you would like to go back to the previous page, press the left arrow 
	key button on the bottom of the page. These pages will display the name of the markets,
	along with the city and state that they are located in. If you would like to view more information about
	a specific market, click on the name of the Farmer's Market. This will redirect you to a page that
	shows you more information about the market such as their name, full street address, links to their
	media (if available), and detailed information about the products that are available at this market.
	
	If you would like to search for all of the Farmer's Markets that are within a certain radius of a specific
	zip code, enter the zip code you'd like to search for in the respective box, along with the radius and press
	the submit button. You will then see a list of Farmer's Markets that meet your desired input. This page does
	not implement pagination. As per usual, if you would like to view more information about a specific Farmer's
	Market, click on the name of the market. 
	
	
	